README.md, before:

# 🧠 Leet-It-Go

A structured **Data Structures & Algorithms (DSA)** repository by me obv, organized **topic-wise** with concept explanations and **LeetCode practice problems**.  
This repo is designed to help you understand DSA fundamentals, apply them in problem-solving, and strengthen your coding interview preparation.

---

## 📚 Repository Overview

The repository covers **all major DSA topics**, each with:
- Concept notes / example implementations
- Related **LeetCode problems** and their solutions
- Clear, modular C++ code for easy understanding and revision

### 📂 Folder Structure

| Folder | Description |
|:--|:--|
| `0_BasicConcepts/` | Core C++ concepts and fundamentals used in DSA |
| `1_BitsManipulation/` | Bitwise operations, power of two, bit counting, etc. |
| `2_Arrays/` | Array problems, two-pointer approach, prefix sums, etc. |
| `3_SearchingAlgorithms/` | Binary search and its variations |
| `4_SortingAlgorithms/` | Sorting algorithms – Bubble, Merge, Quick, etc. |
| `5_STL/` | C++ Standard Template Library usage (vectors, maps, sets...) |
| `6_Strings/` | String manipulation and pattern-based problems |
| `7_Array2D/` | Matrix-based problems (2D arrays, traversal, etc.) |
| `8_MathsForDSA/` | Math utilities, number theory, modular arithmetic |
| `9_Recurrsion/` | Classic recursion problems (e.g., Rat in a Maze) |
| `10_OOPs/` | Object-Oriented Programming fundamentals |
| `11_Graphs/` | Graph theory concepts and algorithms (BFS, DFS, Prim’s, etc.) |
| `tryingStuff.cpp` | Experiments and quick tests for concepts |
| `README.md` | This file – repository documentation |

---

## 🚀 Example Topics Covered

- **Prim’s Algorithm** for Minimum Spanning Tree  
- **Binary Search (recursive & iterative)**  
- **Sorting techniques** with implementation details  
- **Backtracking problems** like *Rat in a Maze*  
- **String processing & hashing**  
- **Graph algorithms** using adjacency lists  
- **LeetCode problems** linked to each topic  

---

## 💡 How to Use

1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/Leet-It-Go.git

Commit message:

Refactor README introduction and add personal note
Removed redundant introductory sentences and added a personal note about tracking progress. Included a friendly suggestion to explore the repository.

README.md, after:

# 🧠 Leet-It-Go

A **Data Structures & Algorithms (DSA)** repository by me obv, organized **topic-wise** with concept explanations and **LeetCode practice problems**.
To keep a track of my progress! Let's C how this goes.
---

## 📚 Repository Overview

The repository covers **all major DSA topics**, each with:
- Concept notes / example implementations
- Related **LeetCode problems** and their solutions
- Clear, modular C++ code for easy understanding and revision

### 📂 Folder Structure

| Folder | Description |
|:--|:--|
| `0_BasicConcepts/` | Core C++ concepts and fundamentals used in DSA |
| `1_BitsManipulation/` | Bitwise operations, power of two, bit counting, etc. |
| `2_Arrays/` | Array problems, two-pointer approach, prefix sums, etc. |
| `3_SearchingAlgorithms/` | Binary search and its variations |
| `4_SortingAlgorithms/` | Sorting algorithms – Bubble, Merge, Quick, etc. |
| `5_STL/` | C++ Standard Template Library usage (vectors, maps, sets...) |
| `6_Strings/` | String manipulation and pattern-based problems |
| `7_Array2D/` | Matrix-based problems (2D arrays, traversal, etc.) |
| `8_MathsForDSA/` | Math utilities, number theory, modular arithmetic |
| `9_Recurrsion/` | Classic recursion problems (e.g., Rat in a Maze) |
| `10_OOPs/` | Object-Oriented Programming fundamentals |
| `11_Graphs/` | Graph theory concepts and algorithms (BFS, DFS, Prim’s, etc.) |
| `tryingStuff.cpp` | Experiments and quick tests for concepts |
| `README.md` | This file – repository documentation |

---

Just go through it I hope its useful in some way! 

## 🚀 Example Topics Covered

- **Prim’s Algorithm** for Minimum Spanning Tree  
- **Binary Search (recursive & iterative)**  
- **Sorting techniques** with implementation details  
- **Backtracking problems** like *Rat in a Maze*  
- **String processing & hashing**  
- **Graph algorithms** using adjacency lists  
- **LeetCode problems** linked to each topic
